samples: matter: Remove nRF54L15 PDK and add nRF54L15 DK support (#17298)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_MATTER_ZAP_FILES_PATH` Kconfig option, which specifies ZAP files location for the sample.
    By default, the option points to the :file:`src/default_zap` directory and can be changed to any path relative to sample's location that contains the ZAP file and :file:`zap-generated` directory.
  * Support for nRF54L15 DK.

>   * Support for :ref:`Trusted Firmware-M <ug_tfm>` on the nRF54L15 DK.

Reviewer: invalid statement based on information from stand-up

Author: I will change it to SoC because actually, it works on DK with FW built for PDK. I've added such a comment to the samples' readme.

  * The :ref:`matter_smoke_co_alarm_sample` sample that demonstrates implementation of Matter Smoke CO alarm device type.

* :ref:`matter_lock_sample` sample:

    * Added :ref:`Matter Lock schedule snippet <matter_lock_snippets>`, and updated the documentation to use the snippet.

* Enabled the :ref:`ug_thread_build_report` generation in all samples.

> * Removed support for nRF54L15 PDK in all samples.

Reviewer: invalid statement if the the PDK with TFM will be supported

> * Removed support for nRF54L15 PDK in all samples except the non-secure (``ns``) target.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Removed support for the nRF54L15 PDK in all samples, except for the ``*/ns`` :ref:`variant <app_boards_names>`.
```
I think the correct the term is `*/ns` variant now.
